feat : falcosidekick service monitor update add aditionnal properties (#670)
falcosecurity/charts: charts/falcosidekick/README.md

| service.port | int | `2801` | Service port |
| service.type | string | `"ClusterIP"` | Service type |
| serviceMonitor.additionalLabels | object | `{}` | specify Additional labels to be added on the Service Monitor. |

> | serviceMonitor.additionalProperties | object | `{}` | aditionalProperties allows setting additional properties on the endpoint such as relabelings, metricRelabelings etc. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| serviceMonitor.additionalProperties | object | `{}` | allow setting additional properties on the endpoint such as relabelings, metricRelabelings etc. |
```
